EE-1226: Fix bid docstrings (#1317)
casper-network/casper-node: execution_engine/CHANGELOG.md

### Changed
* Update pinned version of Rust to `nightly-2021-06-17`

> * Changed comments to clarify behavior of the bidding functionality

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improve doc comments to clarify behavior of the bidding functionality.

```
(there should be 3 blank lines before the start of a new version's section)
